License

<project license>

===========================================================================
Third Party
===========================================================================

Some parts of this software are under licenses which require that the
copyright and license notices are included when distributing the code in
binary form. These notices are listed below.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
LLVM Runtime Libraries
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2009-2014 by the LLVM project contributors.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 Runtime Libraries
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 1992, 1993 The Regents of the University of California.
Copyright (C) 2009, 2010, 2011, 2012, 2013 by the MinGW-w64 Project

This license has been certified as open source. It has also been designated
as GPL compatible by the Free Software Foundation (FSF).

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  1. Redistributions in source code must retain the accompanying copyright
     notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the accompanying
     copyright notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer
     in the documentation and/or other materials provided with the
     distribution.

  3. Names of the copyright holders must not be used to endorse or promote
     products derived from this software without prior written permission
     from the copyright holders.

  4. The right to distribute this software or to use it for any purpose does
     not give you the right to use Servicemarks (sm) or Trademarks (tm) of
     the copyright holders. Use of them is covered by separate agreement
     with the copyright holders.

  5. If any files are modified, you must cause the modified files to carry
     prominent notices stating that you changed the files and the date of
     any change.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS "AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESSED
OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES
OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN
NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT,
INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA,
OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING
NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE,
EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 POSIX Threads Library
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2011-2016 MinGW-w64 Project

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 Command-Line Arguments Parsing Functions
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2002 Todd C. Miller <Todd.Miller@courtesan.com>

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software for any
purpose with or without fee is hereby granted, provided that the above
copyright notice and this permission notice appear in all copies.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES
WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE INCLUDING ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHOR BE LIABLE FOR ANY
SPECIAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES
WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

Sponsored in part by the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA)
and Air Force Research Laboratory, Air Force Materiel Command, USAF, under
agreement number F39502-99-1-0512.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2000 The NetBSD Foundation, Inc.
All rights reserved.

This code is derived from software contributed to The NetBSD Foundation by
Dieter Baron and Thomas Klausner.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

  1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
     this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

  2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
     notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
     documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE NETBSD FOUNDATION, INC. AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED
TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
PURPOSE ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE FOUNDATION OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 Memory and String Manipulation Functions
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2005-2020 Rich Felker, et al.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
IN THE SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 IEEE Floating Point Conversion Functions
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The author of this software is David M. Gay.

Copyright (C) 1997, 1998, 1999, 2000, 2001 by Lucent Technologies
All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that the
copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear
in supporting documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its
entities not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution
of the software without specific, written prior permission.

LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT
OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The author of this software is David M. Gay.

Copyright (C) 2005 by David M. Gay
All rights reserved.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that the
copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear
in supporting documentation, and that the name of the author or any of his
current or former employers not be used in advertising or publicity
pertaining to distribution of the software without specific, written prior
permission.

THE AUTHOR DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING
ALL IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHOR OR ANY OF HIS CURRENT OR FORMER EMPLOYERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL,
INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM
LOSS OF USE, DATA OR PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE
OR OTHER TORTIOUS ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR
PERFORMANCE OF THIS SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

The author of this software is David M. Gay.

Copyright (C) 2004 by David M. Gay.
All rights reserved.

Based on material in the rest of /netlib/fp/gdota.tar.gz,
which is copyright (C) 1998, 2000 by Lucent Technologies.

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted, provided
that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that both that the
copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty disclaimer appear
in supporting documentation, and that the name of Lucent or any of its
entities not be used in advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution
of the software without specific, written prior permission.

LUCENT DISCLAIMS ALL WARRANTIES WITH REGARD TO THIS SOFTWARE, INCLUDING ALL
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS. IN NO EVENT SHALL LUCENT
OR ANY OF ITS ENTITIES BE LIABLE FOR ANY SPECIAL, INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL
DAMAGES OR ANY DAMAGES WHATSOEVER RESULTING FROM LOSS OF USE, DATA OR
PROFITS, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, NEGLIGENCE OR OTHER TORTIOUS
ACTION, ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE USE OR PERFORMANCE OF THIS
SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 Parts of the Math Library
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Developed at SunSoft, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business. Permission to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software is freely granted, provided that
this notice is preserved.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 1993 by Sun Microsystems, Inc.
All rights reserved.

Developed at SunPro, a Sun Microsystems, Inc. business. Permission to use,
copy, modify, and distribute this software is freely granted, provided that
this notice is preserved.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 1984-1998 Stephen L. Moshier

It sounds vague, but as to be found at
<http://lists.debian.org/debian-legal/2004/12/msg00295.html>, it gives an
impression that the author could be willing to give an explicit permission
to distribute those files e.g. under a BSD style license. So probably there
is no problem here, although it could be good to get a permission from the
author and then add a license into the Cephes files in MinGW runtime. At
least on follow-up it is marked that debian sees the version a-like BSD one.
As MinGW.org (where those cephes parts are coming from) distributes them now
over 6 years, it should be fine.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 OpenGL Headers
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Copyright (C) 2013-2018 The Khronos Group Inc.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and/or associated documentation files (the "Materials"), to
deal in the Materials without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Materials, and to permit persons to whom the Materials
are furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in
all copies or substantial portions of the Materials.

THE MATERIALS ARE PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE MATERIALS OR THE USE OR OTHER
DEALINGS IN THE MATERIALS.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 DirectX Headers
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

University of Illinois/NCSA
Open Source License

Copyright (C) Microsoft Corporation.
All rights reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy
of this software and associated documentation files (the "Software"), to
deal with the Software without restriction, including without limitation the
rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or
sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is
furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

  * Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
    this list of conditions and the following disclaimers.

  * Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
    notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimers in the
    documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

  * Neither the names of the Microsoft Corporation, University of Illinois
    at Urbana-Champaign, nor the names of its contributors may be used to
    endorse or promote products derived from this Software without specific
    prior written permission.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR
IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY,
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE
CONTRIBUTORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER
LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING
FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS
WITH THE SOFTWARE.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------
MinGW-w64 Headers and IDL Files
---------------------------------------------------------------------------

Some header and IDL files were imported from the Wine project. These files
are prominently maked in source. Their copyright belongs to contributors and
they are distributed under the exception in section 5 of the LGPL license.

---------------------------------------------------------------------------

This library is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU Lesser General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation; either version 2.1 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This library is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but WITHOUT
ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of MERCHANTABILITY or
FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU Lesser General Public License
for more details.
